{AzureCXP} fixes Azure/azure-powershell#18319 (#18746)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/RecoveryServices/RecoveryServices/help/Get-AzRecoveryServicesAsrReplicationProtectedItem.md

```

### -ProtectionContainer

> Specifies the ASR protection container object of the ASR protection container corresponding to the replication protected item. To get the ASR protection container in the Recovery Service Container run the [Get-AzRecoveryServicesAsrProtectionContainer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/az.recoveryservices/get-azrecoveryservicesasrprotectioncontainer?view=azps-8.0.0) PS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the ASR protection container object of the ASR protection container corresponding to the replication protected item. To get the ASR protection container in the Recovery Service Container run the [Get-AzRecoveryServicesAsrProtectionContainer](/powershell/module/az.recoveryservices/get-azrecoveryservicesasrprotectioncontainer) cmdlet.
```
